Add entry to Migration guide about the updated auto-inertia behavior (#1528)
gazebosim/sdformat: Migration.md

This document aims to contain similar information to those files
but with improved human-readability..

## libsdformat 15.1.1 to 15.2.0

> 1. Auto-inertia computation now takes into account the mass if specified.
> Previously when auto-inertia is set to true, mass is ignored and the inertia
> matrix is computed based on the collision densities. The new behavior is that
> if mass is specified, the inertial values will be computed to preserve the
> specified mass. The is done by first resolving the inertia from all
> collisions using density as usual, it is then normalized to get unit inertia,
> and finally the unit inertia is scaled so that the resulting mass matches the
> specified mass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Inertial parameters can now be automatically calculated with a specified
mass. Previously when the `//inertial/@auto` attribute is set to true, the
`//inertial/mass` value is ignored and the mass, center of mass location, and
inertia matrix are computed based on the collision geometries and densities.
The new behavior is that if `//inertial/mass` is specified, the inertial values
will be computed to preserve the specified mass. This is done by first
calculating inertial parameters from all collisions using density as usual,
calculating the ratio between user-specified mass and the auto-computed mass,
and rescaling the computed mass and moment of inertia by that mass ratio so
that the resulting mass matches the specified mass.
```
